two couples are about to get married the
hall is full of guests
the bride looks stunning in these long
white dresses and the groom seems to be
absolutely happy
all of a sudden one of the guests
noticed there's something wrong with one
of the couples
can you guess what
[Music]
mary and alex have no reflections at all
look at this decorated mirror behind
them
they must be vampires i wonder how mary
did her makeup
samantha and julie wanted to have a
peaceful sunday afternoon
they decided to have a hot air balloon
ride and headed to the park
the instructor offered them to choose
which one they wanted to ride
a blue one a green one or a yellow one
samantha loves the blue one
no surprise look at her clothes and
julie wants to go for the green one
which girl isn't very attentive
samantha the color isn't that important
there are no sandbags
you want to have a safe ride don't you
in one of the galaxies there's planet
paint there are many people but few
animals
only hens and roosters live there they
can be of three different colors
pink red and yellow andrew went to that
planet to see his friends for the
weekend
and while he was walking down the street
he saw three bird couples in love
no bird can be with the partner of the
same color can you guess the color of
the partner of the red hen
[Music]
it's the yellow rooster the red hen
can't go out with the red one
and the pink rooster as you see is madly
in love with the yellow hem
emily's aunt has bought a bottle of
perfume for her niece's birthday
sadly she couldn't keep it because helga
her sister
is terribly allergic to perfumes emily
brought it back to her aunt who bought
it for 65
the old lady sold it to someone for 80
then
suddenly she remembered she had another
niece so she got it back for 70 dollars
sally the forgotten niece turned out to
be allergic too
so the ante had to sell it again for 60
did she make any profit
[Music]
yep she made five dollars and grabbed a
large latte for them
a genius invented a watch he thought no
one else but him could read
a minute on his watch lasts an hour and
an hour lasts a minute
the watch shows the right time twice a
day can you read it
[Music]
it's 5 30 just like it is the genius
changed the hand
placing the hour hand instead of the
minute hand and vice versa
well that doesn't seem that genius
somebody was stealing important
documents from the office the guards
didn't see anyone
neither did the secretary the boss
decides to install the security cameras
to find out who was doing it
they checked the footage carefully and
found out who it was
can you guess
[Music]
it's the man in the white shirt when he
went out of the office he had two
folders in his hand
at the beginning of the day he had only
one
jamie wanted to know if his wife cheated
on her he wasn't sure if she actually
went on that business trip in australia
he asked her to send a selfie which she
did
when he saw the photo he knew exactly
that his wife was lying to him
how did he guess
well it's january in canada and the
streets are full of snow
how come there's snow in australia it's
supposed to be summer there
everybody knows that an old witch lives
in this spooky old house
nobody really wants to meet her mary is
in this house
right now but she seems to be alone how
[Music]
come
who said witches can't have the name
mary back in the day
she was young and beautiful too
jack has a small shop that sells socks
one day
he decided to attract more people and
launched an advertisement
socks for free many people came there
but all the customers had to pay
even though the socks were free why
jack would only give the left sock to
his customers they looked nice and
people wanted to buy it
who needs only one sock after all
a man was driving his car all the way
from new york to la
at the end of the trip he discovered
that one of his car's tires had been
punctured from the very beginning
still he reached his destination
successfully how is it possible
the punctured tire was a spare one
you're trapped in a room that's slowly
getting filled with water coming from a
faucet in the wall
there's no windows in the room and the
door is sealed shut you have a mop
and a big bucket so how are you going to
get yourself out of this one
[Music]
come on just turn the faucet off now
it's better
there are five girls in the room nicole
is talking on the phone
kimberly is reading jessica is playing
hide and seek and melody is tidying up
what's sarah doing
[Music]
sarah is playing hide and seek with
jessica
five six seven five
six which number is missing
a small hint it's not seven you have
seven seconds to do the math
number eight is missing the subsequent
number of five six seven
is five six eight
sally works as a barista this morning
she dropped a cup full of coffee
luckily her white shirt wasn't stained
but it took a while to clean up the mess
how come
[Music]
there were coffee beans in the cup they
ended up right under the counter
imagine you've just entered a pitch
black room there's an oil lamp
a newspaper and some kindling wood
inside the room you only have one match
you have to make a tough choice what to
light first
the oil lamp is definitely a good choice
but it's still incorrect
first of all you'll need to light the
match
after the bank had been robbed the
police found the money in the park
among cacti after the police officers
arrested all the suspects
they almost immediately figured out who
the bank robber was can you do the same
[Music]
this guy on the left has scratches left
by cacti all over his body
there are six glasses in a row on the
table the first three are filled with
orange juice
and the other three are empty your task
is to make full and empty glasses
alternate by moving just one glass
how can you do it
[Music]
take the second glass and pour the juice
in the fifth glass
was at home watching tv all of a sudden
his wife's super expensive vase
fell and broke in their bedroom he ran
into the room in time to see a stranger
jump out the window and run away
dennis tried to chase him but his
glasses fogged up because of the cult
that's why he couldn't identify who it
was when the police arrived
they listened to his story and
immediately knew he was lying
the man made the story up to not tell
his wife he'd broken the vase
how did they know this
[Music]
anyone who wears glasses know they don't
fog up when you go from a warm room to
the cold outdoors
it's the other way around
adam nixon who didn't really like modern
art rushed into the city gallery and
caused
millions of dollars worth of damage to
several paintings
yet the manager of the gallery thanked
mr nixon for his actions
how come
[Music]
adam was a firefighter the water from
his hose
damaged several masterpieces but he
still managed to extinguish the fire and
saved many more exhibits
jane was on a hike in africa when she
decided to cross a bridge to admire the
view
when she was in the middle of the bridge
she heard something moving behind her
she turned and saw a huge hungry line
waiting for her
she turned to the other side there were
giant snakes
the water to her left was filled with
hungry piranhas
where should she go
she should jump into the lake piranhas
don't live in lakes especially in africa
they live in south america look closer
these are just some harmless fish
two fathers and two sons found three
oranges
when they shared them everyone got a
whole orange how come
there were three people grandfather
father and son
once upon a time in a spooky forest
there were seven trolls who were all
brothers
they were all born three years apart the
youngest troll
is 100 years old now how old is the
oldest brother
[Music]
he's 118. good for that age
a man wakes up in a place he's never
been before he rushes to the exit and
sees two doors
when he opens the first door he sees
that the hall is made of magnifying
glass
the scorching hot sun fries anyone who
enters in no time
behind the second door a huge dragon
breathing with fire is sleeping
but anyone who enters this hall risks
waking it up immediately
how did he escape safely
[Music]
he needed to wait for dusk there's no
sun and he can easily get out of that
place